README.md, before:

## Software Economic Complexity

**work-in-progress**

This repository contains data and code to reproduce the figures and results of the following working paper:

Juhász, S., Wachs, J., Kaminski, J. and Hidalgo, C. A. (2024) The Software Complexity of Nations. [https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.13880](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.13880)


**Structure of the repository**
```
├── config.yml                # Global project configuration (paths, parameters, settings)
├── code/                     
│   ├── data_processing/      # Scripts and notebooks for cleaning and preparing data
│   ├── figures/              # Notebooks for generating plots and visualizations
│   ├── regressions/          # Code for running regression models and statistical analyses
│   ├── utils/                # Helper functions, shared modules, and general utilities
│
├── data/
│   ├── inputs/               # External raw data sources
│   ├── outputs/              # Processed and intermediate datasets
```

Commit message:

updated with RP press info

README.md, after:

## Software Economic Complexity

**work-in-progress**

This repository contains data and code to reproduce the figures and results of the following working paper:

Juhász, S., Wachs, J., Kaminski, J. and Hidalgo, C. A. (2024) The software complexity of nations. **Research Policy**, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2026.105422 (in press).

Working paper: [https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.13880](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.13880)


**Structure of the repository**
```
├── config.yml                # Global project configuration (paths, parameters, settings)
├── code/                     
│   ├── data_processing/      # Scripts and notebooks for cleaning and preparing data
│   ├── figures/              # Notebooks for generating plots and visualizations
│   ├── regressions/          # Code for running regression models and statistical analyses
│   ├── utils/                # Helper functions, shared modules, and general utilities
│
├── data/
│   ├── inputs/               # External raw data sources
│   ├── outputs/              # Processed and intermediate datasets
```
